- [Instructor] Before we kick off our learning
of the Spring framework in depth,
there are a few things that you need to know
and have set up on your machine.
The spring framework itself is written in Java
and was designed for the JBM.
We'll be using Java as our development language
in this course. We'll be running Java 11.
Now, you need to have the JDK installed
for development in Java, not just a JRE.
Make sure your installation on your machine
is a JDK.
It can be either OpenJDK or Oracle JDK,
as long as it's a Java development kit.
Both sources have very good instructions on
downloading and installing the JDK
on your machine and I suggest you follow
the directions for your operating system.
You will need to have some basic understanding
of the Java language.
I won't be using any of the
more advanced language constructs, but you need
to be able to understand the Java code quickly
to be successful.
I'm not focusing any time on Java.
You also should have a good IDE
that you're comfortable with. I personally am
going to use IntelliJ Ultimate Edition
for my development.
I use these tools every day,
so I'm most comfortable with them.
You definitely don't need to use a paid-for IDE
to be successful in this course.
Many of the actions I'm going to use in my IDE
exist in all of the other IDEs natively
or through plug-ins,
including all of the free versions.
Just understand how to use your IDE, that is
the most important aspect.
We will also be using Maven
for dependency management, but we won't really
focus on it very much at all.
Just ensure either you have Maven installed
on your machine, or have it as part of your IDE.
Maven provides excellent documentation
of each operating system and the installation
to either package managers or natively.
Now, there is a little bit of
prerequisite knowledge that you will need
to be successful in this course.
The first one is just some
basic Spring knowledge.
You don't need to be an expert, but some
understanding of the framework
and its utilization will help you
grasp the deeper constructs
on how the framework itself operates.
I have a course on LinkedIn Learning, called
'Learning Spring with Spring Boot',
that should give you a good jumpstart.
As previously mentioned, you should know Java.
Now, Spring can be used with other JVM languages,
like Kotlin, for instance.
But, in this course, we're going to use Java.
If you need a refresher on that,
there are several good courses in the
LinkedIn Learning library on Java as a language.
You should also understand the basics of Maven,
just so you can grasp the dependency management
that we will be leveraging with our work.
If you want a refresher on Maven, I have a course
on that topic as well
in the LinkedIn Learning library.
Finally, we'll be talking about aspecting
and aspect-oriented programming.
It would be good for you to have
an understanding of the conceptual level of AOP
before we get too deep into how the
framework itself operates, as it's critical
to the operation of Spring and we're going to
extend that as well.
So just some basic understanding that you can get
from reading on the web.
And that's about it, so let's get ready
to jump into Spring in depth.